{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":92,"position":92,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":1},"end":{"row":13,"column":13},"action":"remove","lines":["        ___        ______     ____ _                 _  ___  ","        / \\ \\      / / ___|   / ___| | ___  _   _  __| |/ _ \\ ","       / _ \\ \\ /\\ / /\\___ \\  | |   | |/ _ \\| | | |/ _` | (_) |","      / ___ \\ V  V /  ___) | | |___| | (_) | |_| | (_| |\\__, |","     /_/   \\_\\_/\\_/  |____/   \\____|_|\\___/ \\__,_|\\__,_|  /_/ "," ----------------------------------------------------------------- ","","","Hi there! Welcome to AWS Cloud9!","","To get started, create some files, play with the terminal,","or visit https://docs.aws.amazon.com/console/cloud9/ for our documentation.","","Happy coding!"],"id":1}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":1},"end":{"row":107,"column":113},"action":"insert","lines":["#Kiddies Spot ","","This website is created for a business idea about a children amusement/learning place, similar to a children's museum. The website is geared toward the children and their parents, where in information about the approach the business offers in children's fun and unique experience of learning. The business is actually my sister's idea. She wants to create a place where children can explore as many activities as possible in order for them to discover at a nearly stage in theri lives what they like and what they don't, what they feel curious about and what they feel more inclined to enjoy. the website will also engage the parents into buting the tickets, attent the events andbecome a memeber.","","##Demo","A live demo can be found [HERE](http://google.com)","","##UX","### User Story ","As a user, I expect to learn about what this place has to offer to my children for entertainment and learning experience. I expect so see information (preferably with images) on what the place looks like inside and at least a glimpse of the activities they offer. I want to be to easily find the address, ways to conact them, their hours and the price of the tickets. ","","###Strategy","This website's intent is to easily and concisely communicate why they should choose this place for their children's entertainment and educational experience, as well as to engage them into to purchasing tickets upon learning about us.The typical user will be a parent or a child care-taker; these type of users don't have a lot of time to read large content and will most likely look for mages that can help them make a decision. Becuase this is a business geared toward children, the website must convey a welcoming, friendly message within a fun theme. The website will grow in content but such will be orginized in a way it does not overwhelm the user, but instead will engage them enought to continue learning more about us.","","We want the user to make a decision to go for it: buy the tickets in advance (prior to their visit) right from our website, and eventually become a member. ","","###Scope","For adult users who are parents or child care-taker. Users with children in mind, who at the same time are or can be \"passive\" viewers as well. Supply information and visual content on the education and fun activities, games, events, and new experiences we offer to children. ","","","###Structure","The website is mostly linear, with easy to read fonts and images to best desribe the service. The images will help the user identify themselves with them as well as fill an informational purpose. ","Pages are not very long, as the user might not engage in lots of scrolling to find the information neded. The header navigation bar is clipped to the top and remains that way as the user scrolls down, thus providing convenient way to access information. ","","","###Skeleton","","[link to Google!](http://google.com)","[Landing Page wireframe](http://google.com)","","[About Us wireframe](http://google.com)","","[Plan Your Visit wireframe](http://google.com)","","[Contact Us wireframe](http://google.com)","","###Surface","I wanted the website to be colorful enough to convey a playful fun message, while using a neutral color - in this case white - for the background on order to achieve a clean style. I did not want to have a predominant theme color through the entire website. So, I came up with the idea of using a predominant color on each page; said color would match the color of the page link on the header menu. This will give uniquess to the each page while also making it fun to navigate from page to page. Of course, there is a consistency in font, style and structure; the only change is the theme color. For exmaple, the About Us page menu link is purple; and the About Us webpage's predominant color is purple. ","","","##FEATURES","","###Existing Features:","","####Home page - inform the user about what we do. The user will see our main concept ina short sentence: \"Discover of world of Fun\" and \"Learn by Play\". Also, happy picture of children having fun to convey the playing/fun atmosphere. The page will also display a clean gallery of pictures of some the activities kids can do. Lastly, it will encourage the use to plan their visit but supplying a button which upon clicking will redirect the user to that page. ","","####About us - brief information of who we are and how we came up with the idea, including the need the founders realized, as they are parents themselves. It also includes a easy to read and follow timelime so they see our progress and milestones. Lastly, we include a few users from previous parents so the users so we can help the user make the decision to choose us. the reviews are speicfially from parents to serve as a way for the user to find themsleves identified with the reviewer. ","","####Plan Your Visit - this gives easy to ready straigh-forward information on our hours, address and ticket pricing. It also has helpful button to purhase the ticket online and another button for helpful directions to our site","","####Contact us - helpful website with easy to fill-out form for questions and concerns. It also provides information such as telephone number and our email address for alternative ways to contact us. ","","##Features to implement:","","We will implement 2 more pages to the website: \"News & Events\" and \"Rooms\". We might add a separate page or add a \"Birthday Party\" section within the News & Events, Home and Plan Your Visit pages.","","####News and Events page: will informm the user on our past, current and future events as well as news","####Rooms page: will supply more pictures and short description of all the activiti rooms we have to offer ","","Also, a shopping cart will be implemented and possibly a booking feature for private events such as Birthday Parties","","","##TECHNOLOGIES USED","","HTML5 ","CSS3","Bootstrap (3.3.7) "," ","","##Testing","","All links will open in a new tab using 'target=\"_blank\"'. Nav bar menu links have been manually tested to ensure that they are pointing to the correct destination.","","This site was tested across multiple browsers (Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer, FireFox) and on multiple mobile devices (iPhone 4, 5, 7: Chrome and Safari, iPad, Samsung Galaxy) to ensure compatibility and responsiveness. ","","####Contact Us page:","1. Go to the \"Contact Us\" page. ","2. Fillout the form except the required First Name field and click the submit buttom. You should expect an error message alerting you about the missing required field. Form submission should not be succesful. Do the step with every required field. ","3. Click the email address and see if a email service (e.g.Outlook) pops-up as a result ","","####Note:","Social media pages have not been created yet, but icons there are available on the front end.","Purchase ticket functionality has not been implemented yet, so Purchase Ticket buttons will not take the user to a purchasing page ","Google maps directions has not been implemented yet as the business address is fictious, but will be implemented. So, the Get Directions button is not functional yet","","","##Deployment","This site is hosted using GitHub pages, deployed directly from the <remove-events-and-room-pages>  branch. The deployed site will update automatically upon new commits to the this branch. In order for the site to deploy correctly on GitHub pages, the landing page must be named index.html.","","To run locally, you can clone this repository directly into the editor of your choice by pasting git clone .git into your terminal. To cut ties with this GitHub repository, type git remote rm origin into the terminal.","","","##Credits","###Content","","The timeline in About Us page was taken from W3 schools: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_timeline.asp","","The background gradient style in the Theme of the Month section on the Home page was build with ","https://cssgradient.io/gradient-backgrounds/. I supplied the colors and this tool provided the code for the style chosen","","The Subtitle fonts used are from Google fonts: https://fonts.googleapis.com","","###Media","","The photos used in this site were obtained from iStock and Shutterstock"," ","##Acknowledgements","I received inspiration for this project from my sister, Sodeli Horn, who plans on materializing her business idea"],"id":2}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":36},"end":{"row":28,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":3}],[{"start":{"row":4,"column":2},"end":{"row":4,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":4}],[{"start":{"row":7,"column":2},"end":{"row":7,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":5}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":2},"end":{"row":0,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":6}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":7}],[{"start":{"row":11,"column":3},"end":{"row":11,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":8}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":3},"end":{"row":16,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":9}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":3},"end":{"row":20,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":10}],[{"start":{"row":25,"column":3},"end":{"row":25,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":11}],[{"start":{"row":37,"column":3},"end":{"row":37,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":12}],[{"start":{"row":41,"column":2},"end":{"row":41,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":13}],[{"start":{"row":43,"column":3},"end":{"row":43,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":14}],[{"start":{"row":45,"column":4},"end":{"row":45,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":15}],[{"start":{"row":47,"column":4},"end":{"row":47,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":16}],[{"start":{"row":49,"column":4},"end":{"row":49,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":17}],[{"start":{"row":45,"column":16},"end":{"row":45,"column":17},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":18},{"start":{"row":45,"column":15},"end":{"row":45,"column":16},"action":"remove","lines":["-"]},{"start":{"row":45,"column":14},"end":{"row":45,"column":15},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]}],[{"start":{"row":45,"column":14},"end":{"row":45,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":[":"],"id":19}],[{"start":{"row":45,"column":15},"end":{"row":46,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":20}],[{"start":{"row":45,"column":14},"end":{"row":45,"column":15},"action":"remove","lines":[":"],"id":21}],[{"start":{"row":45,"column":14},"end":{"row":45,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["-"],"id":22}],[{"start":{"row":48,"column":16},"end":{"row":49,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":23}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":23},"end":{"row":52,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":24}],[{"start":{"row":54,"column":4},"end":{"row":54,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":25}],[{"start":{"row":54,"column":18},"end":{"row":55,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":26}],[{"start":{"row":57,"column":2},"end":{"row":57,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":27}],[{"start":{"row":61,"column":4},"end":{"row":61,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":28}],[{"start":{"row":61,"column":26},"end":{"row":61,"column":27},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":29},{"start":{"row":61,"column":25},"end":{"row":61,"column":26},"action":"remove","lines":[":"]}],[{"start":{"row":61,"column":25},"end":{"row":61,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":30},{"start":{"row":61,"column":26},"end":{"row":61,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["-"]}],[{"start":{"row":61,"column":27},"end":{"row":61,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":31},{"start":{"row":61,"column":28},"end":{"row":62,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]}],[{"start":{"row":63,"column":4},"end":{"row":63,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":32}],[{"start":{"row":63,"column":16},"end":{"row":63,"column":17},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":33},{"start":{"row":63,"column":15},"end":{"row":63,"column":16},"action":"remove","lines":[":"]}],[{"start":{"row":63,"column":15},"end":{"row":63,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":34},{"start":{"row":63,"column":16},"end":{"row":63,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["-"]}],[{"start":{"row":63,"column":17},"end":{"row":63,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":35},{"start":{"row":63,"column":18},"end":{"row":64,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]}],[{"start":{"row":69,"column":2},"end":{"row":69,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":36}],[{"start":{"row":76,"column":2},"end":{"row":76,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":37}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":4},"end":{"row":82,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":38}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":4},"end":{"row":87,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":39}],[{"start":{"row":93,"column":2},"end":{"row":93,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":40}],[{"start":{"row":99,"column":2},"end":{"row":99,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":41}],[{"start":{"row":100,"column":3},"end":{"row":100,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":42}],[{"start":{"row":109,"column":3},"end":{"row":109,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":43}],[{"start":{"row":113,"column":2},"end":{"row":113,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":44}],[{"start":{"row":102,"column":57},"end":{"row":102,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["["],"id":45},{"start":{"row":102,"column":58},"end":{"row":102,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["I"]},{"start":{"row":102,"column":59},"end":{"row":102,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":102,"column":60},"end":{"row":102,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["]"]}],[{"start":{"row":102,"column":60},"end":{"row":102,"column":61},"action":"remove","lines":["]"],"id":46},{"start":{"row":102,"column":59},"end":{"row":102,"column":60},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":102,"column":58},"end":{"row":102,"column":59},"action":"remove","lines":["I"]}],[{"start":{"row":102,"column":58},"end":{"row":102,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["L"],"id":47},{"start":{"row":102,"column":59},"end":{"row":102,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":102,"column":60},"end":{"row":102,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":102,"column":61},"end":{"row":102,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]}],[{"start":{"row":102,"column":62},"end":{"row":102,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["]"],"id":48}],[{"start":{"row":102,"column":63},"end":{"row":102,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":49}],[{"start":{"row":102,"column":64},"end":{"row":102,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["("],"id":50}],[{"start":{"row":102,"column":119},"end":{"row":102,"column":120},"action":"insert","lines":[")"],"id":51}],[{"start":{"row":105,"column":0},"end":{"row":105,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["["],"id":52},{"start":{"row":105,"column":1},"end":{"row":105,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["L"]},{"start":{"row":105,"column":2},"end":{"row":105,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":105,"column":3},"end":{"row":105,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":105,"column":4},"end":{"row":105,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":105,"column":5},"end":{"row":105,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["]"]}],[{"start":{"row":105,"column":6},"end":{"row":105,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":53},{"start":{"row":105,"column":7},"end":{"row":105,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["("]}],[{"start":{"row":105,"column":52},"end":{"row":105,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":[")"],"id":54}],[{"start":{"row":107,"column":47},"end":{"row":107,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["("],"id":55}],[{"start":{"row":107,"column":76},"end":{"row":107,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":[")"],"id":56}],[{"start":{"row":107,"column":45},"end":{"row":107,"column":46},"action":"remove","lines":[":"],"id":57}],[{"start":{"row":107,"column":45},"end":{"row":107,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["."],"id":58}],[{"start":{"row":107,"column":46},"end":{"row":107,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":59},{"start":{"row":107,"column":47},"end":{"row":107,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["["]},{"start":{"row":107,"column":48},"end":{"row":107,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["L"]},{"start":{"row":107,"column":49},"end":{"row":107,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":107,"column":50},"end":{"row":107,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":107,"column":51},"end":{"row":107,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]}],[{"start":{"row":107,"column":52},"end":{"row":107,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["]"],"id":60}],[{"start":{"row":102,"column":63},"end":{"row":102,"column":64},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":61}],[{"start":{"row":105,"column":6},"end":{"row":105,"column":7},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":62}],[{"start":{"row":107,"column":46},"end":{"row":107,"column":47},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":63}],[{"start":{"row":107,"column":46},"end":{"row":107,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":64}],[{"start":{"row":107,"column":53},"end":{"row":107,"column":54},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":65}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":0},"end":{"row":27,"column":36},"action":"remove","lines":["[link to Google!](http://google.com)"],"id":66},{"start":{"row":26,"column":0},"end":{"row":27,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""]},{"start":{"row":25,"column":12},"end":{"row":26,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""]}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":25},"end":{"row":27,"column":42},"action":"remove","lines":["http://google.com"],"id":67}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":25},"end":{"row":27,"column":132},"action":"insert","lines":["https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/StudentExampleProjectGradeFive/blob/master/wireframes/about.png"],"id":68}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":24},"end":{"row":27,"column":133},"action":"remove","lines":["(https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/StudentExampleProjectGradeFive/blob/master/wireframes/about.png)"],"id":69}],[{"start":{"row":29,"column":21},"end":{"row":29,"column":39},"action":"remove","lines":["http://google.com)"],"id":70},{"start":{"row":29,"column":20},"end":{"row":29,"column":21},"action":"remove","lines":["("]}],[{"start":{"row":31,"column":27},"end":{"row":31,"column":46},"action":"remove","lines":["(http://google.com)"],"id":71}],[{"start":{"row":33,"column":22},"end":{"row":33,"column":41},"action":"remove","lines":["(http://google.com)"],"id":72}],[{"start":{"row":37,"column":0},"end":{"row":38,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":73}],[{"start":{"row":37,"column":0},"end":{"row":38,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":74}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":24},"end":{"row":27,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":["()"],"id":75}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":25},"end":{"row":27,"column":134},"action":"insert","lines":["https://github.com/EliBec/my-first-frontend-milestone-project/tree/remove-rooms-and-events-webpages/wireframe"],"id":76}],[{"start":{"row":29,"column":20},"end":{"row":29,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["()"],"id":77}],[{"start":{"row":29,"column":21},"end":{"row":29,"column":130},"action":"insert","lines":["https://github.com/EliBec/my-first-frontend-milestone-project/tree/remove-rooms-and-events-webpages/wireframe"],"id":78}],[{"start":{"row":31,"column":27},"end":{"row":31,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["()"],"id":79}],[{"start":{"row":31,"column":28},"end":{"row":31,"column":137},"action":"insert","lines":["https://github.com/EliBec/my-first-frontend-milestone-project/tree/remove-rooms-and-events-webpages/wireframe"],"id":80}],[{"start":{"row":33,"column":22},"end":{"row":33,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["()"],"id":81}],[{"start":{"row":33,"column":23},"end":{"row":33,"column":132},"action":"insert","lines":["https://github.com/EliBec/my-first-frontend-milestone-project/tree/remove-rooms-and-events-webpages/wireframe"],"id":82}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":134},"end":{"row":27,"column":135},"action":"insert","lines":["/"],"id":83}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":135},"end":{"row":27,"column":156},"action":"insert","lines":["AboutUs_Wireframe.pdf"],"id":84}],[{"start":{"row":29,"column":130},"end":{"row":29,"column":131},"action":"insert","lines":["/"],"id":85}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":135},"end":{"row":27,"column":156},"action":"remove","lines":["AboutUs_Wireframe.pdf"],"id":86}],[{"start":{"row":29,"column":131},"end":{"row":29,"column":152},"action":"insert","lines":["AboutUs_Wireframe.pdf"],"id":87}],[{"start":{"row":33,"column":132},"end":{"row":33,"column":133},"action":"insert","lines":["/"],"id":88}],[{"start":{"row":33,"column":133},"end":{"row":33,"column":156},"action":"insert","lines":["ContactUs_Wireframe.pdf"],"id":89}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":135},"end":{"row":27,"column":160},"action":"insert","lines":["LandingPage_Wireframe.pdf"],"id":90}],[{"start":{"row":31,"column":137},"end":{"row":31,"column":138},"action":"insert","lines":["/"],"id":91}],[{"start":{"row":31,"column":138},"end":{"row":31,"column":165},"action":"insert","lines":["PlanYourVisit_Wireframe.pdf"],"id":92}],[{"start":{"row":5,"column":32},"end":{"row":5,"column":49},"action":"remove","lines":["http://google.com"],"id":93}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":5,"column":32},"end":{"row":5,"column":32},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1586055967345,"hash":"10d6a6f9c4bb7082354845ca48b3e090432a13fc"}